I don’t remember when our routine service day
became so,
well,
routine.
Our zeal wasn’t what it used to be.
And we were finally starting to notice.
Not everyone wants to listen.
We just didn’t want to be the reason.
It didn’t take much research to find
great ideas
and set a few simple goals, . . .
. . . like working with those
who encourage us.
With Ryota and Ami, we’re always talking
about how we can reach the heart.
We got back to basics:
Be friendly,
listen,
let the conversation progress naturally,
try to share an appealing Scriptural thought,
and keep trying.
Our zeal
can attract an honest person
to the truth.
We’d made some good changes,
but we weren’t done.
I asked Yuri what she planned to talk about.
That started the usual scramble.
Then we got it—the sample conversation.
That’ll do.
But for that to work,
I had to remember the scripture.
We were both a little forgetful that morning.
Yeah, we needed to prepare better.
We’d been relying on our experience
and not enough on Jehovah.
So first we prepared our hearts.
Then we prepared our minds
and found new ways
to use our preaching tools.
Even a little preparation for initial calls
and our returns visits
went a long way.
They seemed nice.
I knew what Yuri was thinking.
I wanted to start a conversation,
but I didn’t want to bother them either.
And when an opportunity came,
I just froze.
Then I was in a rush to give a witness.
It felt forced.
It helped to hear that we’d all been there.
Our past experiences were similar.
Whenever we didn’t put pressure on ourselves
and just looked for something in common
to talk about,
we could usually find a moment
when we could say something about the Bible.
She was curious why we were dressed up.
It turns out that she’d never talked
to Jehovah’s Witnesses before.
Ami left a great question for her next visit.
Return visit! Mrs. Iwata!
I told her I’d visit this morning.
I just didn’t schedule the time.
I could at least stop by on the way back.
I missed her again.
If I didn’t try something different,
I was just going to keep missing her.
First, I wanted her
to know I hadn’t forgotten her.
Dear Mrs. Iwata,
I hope you’re doing well.
I promise to come by early next week.
By the way, your flowers are so beautiful!
Then I made a plan for my service day.
Following through is just too important
to leave to chance.
Mrs. Iwata was doing great.
We were already on Lesson 10.
I really hoped she’d come to a meeting soon.
We talked about Hebrews 10:24, 25
and watched the video.
Did I miss something?
I guess I did.
I was too focused
on our progress with the lessons
instead of her progress and what she needed.
Mr. Iwata said going to meetings
would dishonor the family.
He wanted her to quit the study.
She didn’t want to quit,
but whenever she tried to talk about it,
they argued.
We showed her where to look for help
and made time during our studies
to talk about it more.
And we all prayed for Jehovah
to bless her efforts.
We did our best
to share the good news of peace,
and Jehovah did the rest.